_to the Member for Carine, Paul Lilburne_

Hi Paul,
I'm a current university student who is actively engaging with high school students, particularly ones sitting their WACE, as a tutor and mentor. I do this role both in a paid and volunteer capacity.
I'm writing because on the 4th of July, I contacted the School Curriculum and Standards Authority (SCSA) to kindly request them to consider a change to one of their policies, which I believed was negatively impacting the capability of our students to prepare for their final WACE examinations. As of today, I still have not heard a response.
The issue at hand is that SCSA limit the archive of publicly accessible WACE examinations to 5 years, which to many students, is not enough for an exam worth 50% of their final grade and which is meant to indicate their learning over 12 schooling years. This is in stark contrast  to alternative states like VCE and HSC, where the respective standards authority archives papers back to around the 2000s. The explanation that SCSA provides, is that these older papers are no longer representative of current exam conditions, and I (and students) don't dispute this. However, we believe that these are still valuable and useful papers to have, with reasonable overlap between questions and topics.
SCSA have also been proactive in copyright striking any students who have made collections of past papers which are copyrighted by the Authority. While it is well within their right to, they have not provided an alternative to these community made archives and so the papers are simply not accessible to the public.
Furthermore, I kindly emailed info@scsa.wa.edu.au at the beginning of July to request this be changed - and outline the case for this change. I find it unacceptable that I still have not received a response, even though it is now the end of September. Put simply, as a publicly funded authority who make decisions with substantial effects on the lives of young people, I believe that SCSA should be at least publicly accountable enough to respond to inquiries from the public.
Thank you for your attention and I look forward to hearing back from you about this matter. I would be happy to provide a copy of my original email if required.
Ollie
